HSEARCH-4772 Add failsafe to prevent log flooding for mass indexing with lots of non-critical failures (#3398)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/migration/index.asciidoc

Possible changes can include: some clauses can be rearranged, nested bool queries might be flattened, a bool query might be
replaced with its clause.

A bool query with a single `mustNot` clause and applied boost would implicitly add a `must` with `match_all` clause.

> Due to changes in default failure handler used for mass indexing (`MassIndexingFailureHandler`)
> only first 1000 failures per operation will be reported. Any remaining failures will not be propagated to the
> background failure handler. To achieve previous behavior - pass in your own `MassIndexingFailureHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to changes in the default failure handler used for mass indexing (`MassIndexingFailureHandler`)
only the first 1000 failures per operation will be reported. Any remaining failures will not be propagated to the
failure handler. To restore the previous behavior, pass in your own `MassIndexingFailureHandler`.
```
